Sorry.
Come back.
I knew you couldn't save me
Give me this bastard
From now on
The disappearance of housing prices is Mr. Shen
Daughter for me again
Don't be afraid.
All right.
I got it.
Did you hit him?
I'm done with him
You listen to me.
You go back now and pack your things and go to other places to avoid
How can we get there?
What would you do?
Don't worry about me.
You hit people
If they call the police, you could go to jail.
You listen to me.
The job is gone, you can find it again
But I won't let you have anything
What are you laughing at?
Why are you still laughing?
Mom, I'm gonna be okay
You and Shengshi will be fine
The job won't be lost, okay?
You are fine now
Take good care of your body
Leave the rest to me.
Then you rest first
I'll go first